in one of the videos I posted the drawings on
adjusting the point of the knives as well
already showed it in finished form
and showed it by action adaptation
This is a device made for
very good person for the same we in
principle drawings but with small
change this change first
queue completely
fixtures made of stainless steel
that is, the action of stainless steel except
worried for the bars they are made of
aluminum as if what was left there by
materials on the design of all dimensional
dimensions
preserved as in the previous drawings in
that's what changed it changed only
the thickness of the bed stand structure
there is it already made of bar
that is simplified here and
magnet attachment principle and principle
attaching this stand that is in
Glorious option, that is, everyone opens up
no screw connections magnet
glued in the past past in that
the drawings indicate that there is a screw
connection then cops and now that's all
this magnet would be simpler glued on
epoxy glue which it costs
around two dollars a national bank
and what else has changed is this appearance
that is, the very appearance of this bed is
adaptation that is from all sides
century even in general even a clamping plate
and so it is done in the same
design like a little image
made it easy to make it
adaptation well, you can still it
simplify I'll show you will do one thing
device for a friend without a magnet
and much easier in general here
I also want to note that by magnet I still
suffered again with these hard drives and
chop magnet hard drive rather here
Now you can have all the easier to find
online store has already found different forms
magnets different efforts there are square and
rectangular and round diametrically from
holes that is and reinforcements can and
glue reinforcements in general big
assortment of neodymium magnets do not need
mock at hard drives that is
I recommend I advise you to use
magnet and which if internet sales
Stores price they have inexpensive there
something in the area is also about two three
dollars for a magnet is available such
adaptation glamorous and all
thank you subscribe
I'll post the next video with a new one soon.
gadget luck